[opening theme music playing]
[ominous music playing]
[Jang Uk] Why are you following me?
Who are you?
Tell me.
If you know what this sword is,
you must be a mage.
Lower your blade now.
It's dangerous to draw the sword
of Cheonbugwan here recklessly like this.
Because we are in Gaema Village.
A mage arresting those
who practice sorcery is an enemy.
If someone finds out that you came
all the way here and got into a fight,
it will spell trouble for you.
It seems that…
you must already know who I am.
With the sword
of the Gwanju of Cheonbugwan,
you must be his son.
[Dang-gu] Does Uk not know
what his father looks like?
[somber music playing]
Just like his mother right there,
has he ever even seen his portrait?
We do not have any portraits
of the Gwanju in the house.
And he never looked for one anywhere else.
I doubt he remembers a few times
he saw him when he was little.
Even if he ran into his father,
he would ask, "Who are you?"
[Gang] I only followed you
because I recognized that sword.
Do you know who the owner of the sword is?
Isn't the one who abandoned that sword
a madman?
His wife had an affair and died.
And then, he abandoned his own son
and his title and ran away.
The madman, Jang Gang.
[scoffs]
People have whispered behind my back,
but no one has said these things
in front of me.
Do you bear some grudge against my father?
If I do…
will you seek revenge on his behalf
because you are his son?
I will not.
It would be ridiculous for me to do that.
And I do not think he would want it.
If that is how you think, then why are you
carrying your father's sword?
Because if I insist
that I'm not his actual son,
what would become…
of my poor dear mother?
Do-hwa.
Do-hwa is the most unfortunate.
[somber music playing]
Do you know my mother too?
[Gang] Do-hwa was the most
beautiful woman in all of Daeho.
And there was no one in Daeho
who did not know about her.
So it seems like almost everyone
in the family is famous.
But still,
I did not expect to meet someone
who would recognize me at a glance here.
This is a place where sorcery prohibited
by Songrim is practiced in secret.
What is the son of Jang Gang
doing wandering about here?
Well, I heard that you could see
all sorts of sorcery here,
such as curses and soul magic.
A mage from Jeongjingak
is trying to see such sorcery?
It is not like that.
I am here to find a shaman
who practiced such sorcery.
A shaman?
I'm looking for a shaman
who was once skilled in soul magic,
which drives people mad
by possessing them.
I heard 20 years ago,
they fled after being caught
by Cheonbugwan
and their entire house was burned down.
You wanna meet the shaman
of the Choi family?
So you already know which shaman it was?
By chance, are you a mage from Cheonbugwan
who used to work
under my father back then?
The Chois are a mage family
that was taken out by Master Seo Gyeong
a long time ago.
You should give up on the search.
If you let your curiosity about sorcery
consume you,
that evil shall devour your entire soul
and you may lose everything that you have.
Even if you want it undone,
it will be impossible.
I advise you to stop looking
for those who practice sorcery.
You should know that the world
will not allow that…
and will not forgive it.
Just wait.
Here.
Did something happen to your hand?
Correct. I am injured.
I am injured even down to my soul.
[sighs]
Did some kind of sorcery do that to him?
[ominous music playing]
[So-i sighs]
[celestial music playing]
[gasps]
Oh, Bu-yeon.
Bu-yeon.
[suspenseful music playing]
[Ho-gyeong sobs]
[ominous music playing]
[Mu-deok] I feel like our eyes just met.
[So-i] Oh. I'm very sorry.
Could I ask you to pick up my cane for me?
[Mu-deok] It is the girl I ran into
in front of the house.
[Ho-gyeong weeping]
[breathing shakily]
[chuckles]
[Cho-yeon] Mother.
Oh. Mother.
Can this girl really be Bu-yeon?
Yes, it's your sister.
Bu-yeon.
[Cho-yeon sobbing]
Bu-yeon. Let's go to your room now.
You are Jang Uk's maidservant.
What are you doing over here at this hour?
Oh. To help Young Lady Jin
run away in the night to be with her love,
but it seems I'm not needed.
I will be on my way right now.
[So-i] What is Mu-deok doing here?
I'm certain she did not recognize me.
So should I have killed her then?
Bu-yeon, I have kept your room
just as it always was.
Because I believed that this day
would finally come.
Let us go in.
[soft music playing]
Everything is just as it used to be.
All of your things are here.
Since I woke up
after almost dying in the lake,
I have been barely scraping by
without even a proper place to sleep.
I didn't know I had a room.
And that I had a mother
who was waiting for me all this time.
[So-i breathes shakily]
I lived a life so miserable
that I wanted to die every day.
[Ho-gyeong breathes deeply]
Oh, my poor girl.
I'll make sure you're happy every day.
So do not worry now.
Oh, Mother.
[Jin] Is it true that Jin Mu really found
Ho-gyeong's daughter?
Yes, they say the girl
opened the doors at Jinyowon.
-What?
-[Heo Yeom] She opened the door?
That door, it cannot just be opened
with some kind of trickery.
They can only be opened by those
who have the blood of the Jin family.
[exclaims]
So has Bu-yeon
really come back to her alive?
[pensive music playing]
Why do my eyes hurt so much
every time I go to Jinyowon?
[Mu-deok] Is it because
the relics are too powerful?
[indistinct background chatter]
[gentle music playing]
What are you doing here?
Huh? What's up with the mirror?
[Jang Uk sighs]
Trying to look pretty
for your young master?
Don't talk nonsense.
Hang on, hang on, hang on.
Maybe I want to look pretty.
[sucks teeth]
Pick something
that will look really nice
on your young master.
I'll do it then.
Hmm.
-Am I pretty?
-Yes!
That looks great on you.
It would be weirder if it did not, huh?
Let us just see.
[gasps]
This looks good too.
Well, I don't know.
Everything looks good on me.
[chuckles]
[Jang Uk laughs]
What is this for?
Give that to me.
And I will make you look so pretty.
[Jang Uk] Mm.
[laughs]
Oh. So pretty.
You are so pretty I might just die.
It seems your young master
has become pretty enough.
And now, it's your turn.
Wow, you are so pretty, Mu-deok.
[cackles]
How childish.
You said only my eyes were pretty.
I did. I was sure
only your eyes were pretty.
Did the poison you gave me
do something to my eyes?
Now it's every part of you.
You seem to be trying hard
not to love your young master so much.
It seems tough on you.
It is not… at all.
You should have better control
of your blushing,
if you're going to lie
right in front of me.
Your face is bright red right now.
[chuckles]
[groans]
That is because you put so much rouge
on my face.
Let me see. Let me see.
[Jang Uk] Hmm.
Oops, did I put it too much?
It's not coming off.
You look like a…
drunken dog. A little bit.
[Jang Uk laughs]
Huh?
Ah, don't look at me with those eyes.
You look like you really wanna bite me.
-Maybe I really should bite you!
-Hey.
I will not bite you. Come here.
I know, I know, I know. I'm sorry.
I bought something useless because of you.
Just leave it in your room
if you don't want it. Maybe I'll use it.
[Jang Uk] Hmm. This is pretty too.
["Breath" by Kim Na Young playing]
Oh, Mu-deok…
["Breath" continues playing]
You were almost run over.
Mu-deok.
Are you really drunk right now?
You drank without me?
I had a drink as well.
Shall we get drunk together?
I'm not drunk.
But were you drinking though?
Just a sip of liquor from someone
that I met at Gaema Village.
Gaema Village.
Did you meet Shaman Choi there?
I found evidence of a connection
to Jin Mu.
But also, I saw the Crown Prince there.
Crown Prince?
Just like us. He… he's suspicious
of Jin Mu and the Queen.
[foreboding music playing]
[Eunuch Oh] Your Royal Highness.
Did you visit Gaema Village?
I did.
The streets were so complicated.
I struggled to find my way back
to the palace.
Why?
Did something happen?
Jin Mu, the Assistant Gwanju,
is waiting here.
[Jin Mu] Where did you go…
without any guards?
I am embarrassed I was caught out
enjoying myself. Do not ask.
[Jin Mu chuckles softly]
So I've just met with the King.
He was just talking about
the King's Star again.
[exasperated sigh]
If he's so worried,
just make a fake constellation plate
that has the King's Star
and then give it to him.
Then, you would have to find every child
born on that day
and kill all of them.
Why would that be?
They might be a hero
who's able to save the world
like Master Seo Gyeong and not a rebel
who's seeking the throne.
They say he saved the world
by getting rid of the ice stone.
But he didn't.
By not allowing anyone else access
to that power,
Seo Gyeong dominated the world.
The ice stone has a dangerous power
that attracts sorcery.
Well, that is the reasoning
Songrim has claimed.
Except the ice stone also has the power
to turn the mortal into the immortal.
Instead of dying old and ugly,
the ice stone can let you live
as your young and beautiful self again.
The alchemy of souls?
It is sorcery prohibited by Songrim.
But if restrictions were overturned
and the power of the ice stone
was established,
then, sire,
what do you think would happen?
Those who have gained the ice stone
will then become immortal.
But is it not dangerous if anyone
could wield such a power?
Then we must not let just anyone use it.
We must reinforce a new order
in which only the chosen,
like Your Royal Highness,
can use the stone.
[tense music playing]
[sighs]
The things you speak of
will only be possible
if the ice stone emerges once again.
I heard the lost daughter of Jinyowon
has returned alive.
-Jinyowon?
-The one who found
the ice stone for Seo Gyeong very long ago
was the first leader of Jinyowon.
Jin Bu-yeon, who has just returned,
had as much divine power
as the first leader.
If the ice stone emerged again
like it did 200 years ago,
the priestess of Jinyowon…
would be able to find it, couldn't she?
[Mu-deok] The eldest daughter of Jinyowon
has come back alive.
She seemed like an ordinary girl
who could not see.
I heard she was a great priestess.
[inhales deeply]
Did she lose her powers?
Perhaps.
That is why she could not find
her way home for ten years.
[Jang Uk sighs]
It is Jin Mu who brought her.
It's unlikely she was ordinary.
Was there anything suspicious?
[sucks teeth]
I know that I once saw her
in front of the house.
[Mu-deok] I remember because I picked up
her cane for her.
She was in front of our house?
At the time I noticed nothing strange.
Or today, for that matter.
[Jang Uk exhales deeply]
Except…
she was using an umbrella as a cane.
And I think I have seen
that umbrella before.
She what? What is so special
about an umbrella though?
No. No.
It was a limited edition made
with sheepskin and bamboo.
It was very expensive.
-So then, why does she have it?
-What?
Who else is supposed to have it, then?
[Seo Yul] The umbrella?
I'm afraid I don't have it anymore.
I gave it to someone else.
Who did you give it to and when?
Oh. I did not mean to give it.
I'm sorry. I know you bought it for me.
No need to be sorry.
You… you gave it to a girl?
Yes, I did give it to a girl.
Don't get angry, okay?
[sighs]
I-- Why would I get angry?
Which girl did you give it to?
[Mu-deok] Hmm?
Say something already, will you? Come on.
Tell me which girl was it!
Mu-deok. Mu-deok.
You cannot ask him like that.
Yul is, uh…
Take a look at how pale he is right now.
You're not interrogating
some cheating husband.
"Which girl was it?"
That… that is not right.
[Jang Uk] Watch me. Yul.
Did you give it
to a girl who cannot see anything?
How did you know that?
[sighs]
By chance, was the girl you met So-i?
It was. Yes, I gave it to her.
[Seo Yul] What about it?
At Jinyowon, today,
I saw Jin Bu-yeon, who is alive.
She cannot see
and was using that same umbrella
instead of a cane.
And it was that umbrella?
[tense stinger plays]
[Dang-gu] Hey guys.
[Dang-gu chuckles]
You guys. Have you heard?
They found the older sister.
They really found Jin Bu-yeon.
[Dang-gu] Huh?
What's up with you, guys?
What were you talking about?
We were talking about that girl So-i.
So-i?
Uh, that swindler?
They found her?
The Jin Bu-yeon that Jin Mu has found…
is really So-i.
I think they killed all of those people
in order to hide her true identity.
[tense music playing]
[sighs]
Jin Bu-yeon.
I will turn myself into you perfectly.
This is the same one Mu-deok had.
Why is it in this room though?
-[Ho-gyeong] Bu-yeon.
-[gasps]
[door opens]
[Ho-gyeong gasps]
The eye mask.
Remember it?
[chuckles softly]
I used to make all
of your eye masks
by embroidering them myself.
I would always make sure
that you wore an eye mask
with the emblem of Jinyowon on it
when you went outside
in case you ran into any trouble.
Did you really?
[ominous music playing]
[So-i] Oh.
It is old, but it's still silk.
I think your birth parents
actually might be very rich.
But can you truly not see anything?
How is it that you can find rivers
so easily
when even I cannot find them
and I can see.
[Ho-gyeong] Bu-yeon, you have always
been able to feel energy.
You could find things
and navigate your way around
even better than those who see.
[So-i] Mu-deok was from Sari Village too.
Good at finding things and navigating.
Even on the day you disappeared,
you wore this eye mask. That was why…
I was hopeful that you would find your way
back to us with this.
[So-i] The thing she treasured,
saying it was the only clue she had
to finding her parents.
If only you had this on you,
I could have recognized you right away.
[So-i] The eye mask I stole from Mu-deok
was made by this woman.
Anyhow,
thank you for coming back to me alive,
Bu-yeon.
[So-i] The real daughter of this woman,
Jin Bu-yeon,
is the Mu-deok that I know.
[So-i whimpering]
[gasps]
Bu-yeon.
[So-i] Did this door also open
because of Mu-deok?
Mu-deok is the real one.
What will become of me
if she finds out about this?
Will this lead to death?
[whimpers]
[Cho-yeon] Bu-yeon.
What are you doing here?
Trying to open the door again?
Oh, no.
I just can't believe
that I'm the daughter of this family.
[chuckles] Oh, don't worry.
It's true.
Everybody saw you opening the door,
which proves it.
But, Cho-yeon, that girl
who was next to you yesterday…
Mu-deok?
[scoffs]
She's not from Jinyowon.
It seemed like Mother knew her.
Does she visit here often?
Oh, Mother doesn't like her.
She caused us a lot of trouble before.
Oh, really?
Must be
why I felt negative energy from her.
Negative… How?
Dark and ominous energy was emanating
from that girl named Mu-deok.
Best that you do not get too close
to someone with an aura like that.
She's not that bad of a person, or is she?
[U-tak] There you both are.
[U-tak chuckling]
Hi, Father.
Cho-yeon, your mother needs you.
She needs me?
[sighs]
I thought she wasn't angry anymore.
I have to go now.
Hmm. Go on.
I'm sure I warned you
not to get too close to my daughter.
I apologize.
We're supposed to leave very soon,
-so get ready and wait.
-Yes.
But, wait, Father.
[gasps]
My lord.
Are you absolutely sure
that the real Jin Bu-yeon is dead?
I worry about what might happen to me
if she's gonna return alive.
There is no need to worry.
She is dead.
[breathing heavily]
[So-i] Even if Mu-deok
is the real daughter,
there's no one who would know.
I will not get caught.
[breathes deeply]
I am Jin Bu-yeon.
I thought about it all night.
Even if I will lose my love,
I have to do my duty as heir to Songrim.
-I must go tell my uncle.
-No, wait.
You saw the leader and Lady Jin
fighting the other day, did you not?
If we accuse her long-lost daughter
of being a fake and a murderer
without any concrete evidence,
it could lead to a bloodshed
between Songrim and Jinyowon.
[Dang-gu sighs]
[Dang-gu] You're right.
This is something
that will result in a big fight if known.
It wouldn't be right for Songrim
to be stuck in the middle.
But I don't understand why they would
pretend the swindler is a great priestess?
I guess they need someone
to become that great priestess.
[Dang-gu] What if she's caught?
How would a mother not know
her own daughter?
They will be caught.
Oh, this is so reckless.
Because it does not matter
if they get caught.
[Jang Uk] Jin Mu has a card in his hand
so big that even if Jin Ho-gyeong
finds out…
she then can do nothing.
[Ho-gyeong] She is definitely different.
The scar from when she was young
and the mole behind her ear
they are both like Bu-yeon.
But her ears…
The shape of the ears
does not change as one gets older.
Am I misremembering it?
[Jin Mu] Sister.
[ominous music playing]
In exchange for finding Bu-yeon,
I did not think you'd merely ask
to see the inside of Jinyowon.
Well, it was a place
that was completely forbidden to me,
even as a part of the Jin family.
I used to punish you very harshly
if you even came near this place.
I was too heartless all this time.
Father had you with another woman
and I hated you,
and I hated you
trying to read people's feelings
and please others.
I am sorry.
It is all in the past now.
Now that Bu-yeon is back,
you should hurry along
with the succession.
You think I should pass the title
to Bu-yeon?
Well, having a new master
will also blow a new life into Jinyowon.
And soon after that, we can
finally push ahead with Cho-yeon's
marriage to the Crown Prince.
We should not rush.
Bu-yeon has not fully recovered
her memories,
and I am still in good health.
You cannot recover the ice stone
with just your powers alone.
In order to save Bu-yeon
while you were pregnant,
you took the ice stone
that was sealed within Jinyowon
and gave it to Jang Gang.
But how do you know that?
Do not be surprised.
I have no intention
to expose your mistakes.
Jang Gang did not return
the ice stone to you,
then claimed that
he would seal it away elsewhere.
Do you know where the ice stone
that Jang Gang took
from Jinyowon is right now?
Now that the heir to Jinyowon is back,
I shall also return the ice stone
rightfully to Jinyowon.
So then, Jin Mu, you are--
[Jin Mu] Sister.
Did I not just say I would give it back?
Do not be doubtful of all of this.
Consider it a gift,
alongside your daughter.
And just…
accept both these gifts gratefully.
[ominous music playing]
In other words, if I want this gift,
I should also just accept Bu-yeon
without question as well.
If you let down your guard
and stop doubting,
then you can have it all.
Both the ice stone Jinyowon lost
and your long-lost daughter.
What is it that you want?
You, as the leader of Jinyowon,
must fight Songrim,
so that we can protect the ice stone.
We would fight Songrim?
Because if Songrim falls,
we shall become the keepers
of the ice stone's mighty power.
[Go Won] The alchemy of souls?
It is sorcery prohibited by Songrim.
But if restrictions were overturned
and the power of the ice stone
was allowed established,
then, sire,
what do you think would happen?
We would gain immortality.
[Jin] Has the petrification stopped?
He is breathing properly now,
and moving his toes and fingers.
Then how did such an experienced mage
succumb to the temptations of sorcery?
Well, if Jin Mu tempted me
by telling me he could move me
into a young, beautiful body,
I might fall for it too.
[Heo Yeom chuckles]
I only jest. However, there are plenty
of people who would be convinced.
They just can't do it
because they are wary of Songrim.
[chuckles]
Cheonbugwan, the palace,
and now, Jinyowon too.
Jin Mu controls all these places.
[Heo Yeom] Still, are we not
hot on the trail of that man's
alchemy of souls? Hmm?
So, once Master Kang can speak,
we'll get that bastard in our grasp.
He is unafraid of being caught
and already making another move.
I'm even more afraid because
I just do not know the extent of what…
Jin Mu is planning.
[ominous music playing]
What is it you think that we are
going to do at Cheonbugwan today?
Will it be painful? Something like
having another worm put inside me?
All that you have to do
is do what you are told.
You'll stand in front of many people,
so mind your actions.
[dark music playing]
Today, I shall reveal to you
the true Danju…
who had been kept hidden until now.
So step forward and show them your face.
[celestial music playing]
[Jin Mu]
Our Danju is Daeho's greatest priestess,
Jinyowon's future leader,
Jin Bu-yeon is here.
So please pay your respects to the Danju.
[queen] After using that child to bring
the ice stone out into the world,
I will shift into that body.
In that case, I shall serve you
from close by…
sister.
The leader of Jinyowon has called
for a meeting of the Unanimous Assembly
-without consulting Songrim?
-[Sang-ho] Yes.
She has contacted each family,
and they're all on their way
to Songrim now.
[ominous music playing]
What is Jinyowon up to this time
to cause such a stir with everything?
Hmm, that woman is
the mother of the young man
now lying in Sejukwon.
Why is everyone suddenly rushing in?
[Dang-gu] Apparently, Jinyowon called for
the Unanimous Assembly to gather.
It's Young Lady Jin.
Is that blind woman Jin Bu-yeon?
So-i?
Yes.
[Jang Uk] They are moving faster
than I expected.
It seems they're trying to use
the fake daughter they made
to do something today.
It appears that girl is Jin Bu-yeon.
The leader of Jinyowon has requested
that the royal family participate
in the next Unanimous Assembly.
The Unanimous Assembly?
[sighs]
What is this about?
She has said she will announce
very important matter
that will decide the fate of Daeho.
[suspenseful music playing]
Not long ago, with the emergence
of the assassin, Naksu,
there has been a lot of talk
in the capital
about soul-shifting incidents.
Hence, why we of Jinyowon strove
to aid Songrim in every way we could
in their search for the origin
of the sorcery.
Except…
perhaps they considered Jinyowon's
cooperation as obedience because Songrim
arrogantly and disrespectfully
began making unreasonable demands.
[Ho-gyeong] Under the pretext
of cracking down on sorcery,
they forced their way
into not only Cheonbugwan
but Jinyowon as well.
As if they thought all mages
were sorcerers,
they then sought to investigate
all the mage families using our relics.
-[all muttering]
-[mage 1] Absurd.
They even brought a relic of Jinyowon
right into the royal palace.
Are you saying Songrim suspected us?
[mage 2] That is completely over the line.
-[mage 3] Songrim is going too far.
-[mage 4] I can't believe this.
[Jin] Did you call for this meeting
of the Unanimous Assembly just to air
your complaints with us, Lady Jin?
[Ho-gyeong] Behold.
Songrim cannot stand me
speaking against them
and is trying to silence me.
I, the leader of Jinyowon,
have called this meeting
to break the restriction on Jinyowon
for the past 200 years
in order to stop Songrim's autocratic
and absolute actions that were carried out
using sorcery as an excuse.
Bu-yeon.
[ominous music playing]
This child is the heir to Jinyowon
and after ten years,
Bu-yeon's returned.
[suspenseful music playing]
So that is the daughter
I heard they found.
Through my daughter,
who will lead Jinyowon after me,
there's something
I have to present to you all.
The ice stone, which is the source
of the alchemy of souls
and the very thing Songrim
has been harassing mages about
was inside Jinyowon.
[suspenseful music intensifies]
[indistinct chatter]
[enigmatic music playing]
[Mu-deok] So this was Jin Mu's plan.
To use Jinyowon to bring the ice stone
back out into the world.
This might not be the end of it.
With one side compromised,
they will move to the other side.
What do you mean?
Don't you see?
He handed the ice stone
the Queen had to Jinyowon.
He will move the soul of the shaman
inside the Queen's body
over to Jinyowon as well.
She'll abandon the Queen's body…
and move into the girl's body
who will become the leader of Jinyowon.
The alchemy of souls.
[sighs]
[tense music rises]
[man] The Unanimous Assembly
is holding a meeting regarding
the soul shifter incidents, right?
Mm-hmm. Or so I hear.
Do not buy useless jewelry.
You should buy gold only.
During unstable times,
you can only rely on gold.
I imagine we will be very busy
once the assembly ends.
I suppose.
When it is over,
everyone will come for a drink
-and sit around cursing Songrim.
-[man] Hey.
Stop touching things
if you're not going to buy them.
I'm sorry. Oh, will you just wait
for a minute?
-[woman 1] I want all of them.
-[woman 2] Pass me that one.
-[woman 3] This one?
-[woman 2] Yes, I want to see it.
The capital is just buzzing with the news
of the Unanimous Assembly.
With all this commotion,
I imagine he will come.
Do you mean our Gwanju Jang Gang?
I thought that it was very strange
that Young Master Park just kept
bringing up the Gwanju Jang Gang.
The leader of Songrim also seemed
to be anticipating the Gwanju's arrival.
[breathes deeply]
Keep this with you
and pass it on to him if he comes here.
What is it?
May I take a look?
[maid Kim gasps]
It's blank.
Is it perhaps like the Words of the Heart
that was written using a spell?
[scoffs]
When Jang Gang reads that paper,
he will do exactly as is written there.
[brooding music playing]
Also, is it all right if you don't attend
the Unanimous Assembly?
I am a direct pupil of Master Seo Gyeong.
Even if I attend it,
I cannot acknowledge my master's actions
nor can I deny any of them.
[mage 1] Are you saying that
Master Seo Gyeong
left behind an ice stone?
I thought he got rid of them all.
Did Songrim know of this as well?
[mage 2]
Then everything that Songrim has done
claiming it was Seo Gyeong's will
is deception.
-Deception?
-[mage 1] It is deception.
How many mage families
has Songrim cracked down on
under the pretext of only wanting
to stop sorcery?
Is this not so?
-[mage 3] Indeed.
-[mage 4] Quite right.
[mage 5] Has Songrim been deceiving us?
Have we all been fooled by Songrim?
-[mage 6] That's what I'd like to know.
-Everyone, please, calm down.
Songrim was
unaware that an ice stone still remained
within Jinyowon.
[mage 1] I do not want to
hear Songrim's excuses.
We gathered here
must discuss what to do with the ice stone
that Master Seo Gyeong has left behind.
Seo Gyeong wanted to
destroy the origin of sorcery
and that origin is the ice stone.
With everyone watching here,
we must destroy this ice stone.
It was also his will
to leave the ice stone in Jinyowon.
If we follow his will,
it should stay in Jinyowon.
No, if that is your stance,
you should not have brought it out here
in the first place.
Are you asking Songrim to just do nothing
after telling us you have an ice stone?
What is your plan?
To just make fools of Songrim?
What is the leader of Jinyowon said
that is incorrect?
She just asked to follow
Master Seo Gyeong's will
and keep the ice stone in Jinyowon.
Songrim no longer has the right
to interfere
with matters of the ice stone.
Why, you little… Now you will not even
respect Songrim's position, huh?
We are here to discuss
how to use the ice stone
according to the will
of Master Seo Gyeong.
If Songrim doesn't wish to do that,
leave the assembly.
-[mage 1] Quite right.
-[mage 2] Hear, hear.
[mage 3] Songrim has deceived us
all this time, so they should leave.
-[mage 1] Of course, they must leave.
-[mage 2] Leave!
[mage 1] If you do not like it, leave.
-[mage 5] Leave, Songrim.
-[mage 6] Leave.
-[man 7] Get out of here.
-[Jin] So this is why
you unveiled the ice stone,
Jin Mu, you snake.
Now that Songrim's reasoning
has fall into pieces,
no one will listen to them.
[breathes deeply]
[mouthing]
[mage 1] If Songrim
insists on opposing Jinyowon
keeping the ice stone,
perhaps it would be better
for a third party to take it.
I would like to suggest
that I take it back to Gisan with me.
-[man 3 scoffs]
-Just like that?
Why would Gisan take the ice stone
-with no magical ability?
-[mage 1] Magical ability?
You know Gisan has absolutely no right
to the ice stone.
-[mage 5] Who would agree to that?
-No right?
Gisan has the longest line of mages
in Daeho.
And that gives us enough right
to keep the ice stone if we want it.
How dare you?
-Are you challenging me?
-I would love to see you try.
-[mage 6] Who are you to insert yourself?
-[mage 1] Watch your tongue.
-Unbelievable. How dare you?
-Then what else do you expect me to say?
Someone needs to put this little man
in his place.
-[Heo Yeom] All right.
-Little man?
-All right, stop, stop, stop, stop.
-Little man? You bastard.
-[mage 1] I'll show you how big I am.
-[grunts]
[gasps]
Did you just hit me? Huh?
[Heo Yeom] You old man. You!
-You…
-Hey. Hey.
-How dare you, you old geezer?
-[grunting]
[thrilling music playing]
[mage 1] You are gathering energy?
All right. Gather it all up
and throw it at me.
-[mage 2] Oh, my.
-Come on now.
-Come on.
-[Heo Yeom] Do you…
Do you think I will not throw it? Huh?
You act just like you look.
Oh, really? Look who is talking.
[Yun-ok] Grandfather
is at the Unanimous Assembly?
[Seo] Yes.
I have not been able to find
the medical book
you asked me to locate yet.
I can find it in Jeongjingak myself.
That assembly seems like quite a big deal.
It seems like all the mages who always
guards Sejukwon have gone there as well.
Apparently, my precious son
is still alive in there.
[weeping]
Ji-ho.
[melancholy music playing]
[gasps]
Oh. [whimpering]
I knew you were alive.
[sobbing]
[gasps]
Ji-ho.
[breathing heavily]
[eerie music playing]
Huh?
[scoffs]
[groans, choking]
[choking]
[all clamoring]
Enough, all of you. Be seated.
It would be best for Jin Ho-gyeong
to step in now and wrap things up.
How dare you touch him?
Enough of this. Come on, mages.
All right. This is not over.
[all clamoring]
[mage] Consider yourself lucky.
[Ho-gyeong] Please, listen.
After hearing everyone's thoughts,
it seems that it is the consensus
for all to be able to use the ice stone
left by the Master.
As such,
I, the leader of Jinyowon,
would like to pose a question to you all.
I would like to suggest that from now on,
the Unanimous Assembly be held
at Jinyowon.
[ominous music playing]
[all muttering]
If there are no objections
from the mages here today,
let us end today's meeting right here
and continue these talks not at Songrim
but at Jinyowon, its new location.
[all muttering]
I consider everyone in agreement
and will be ending today's meeting
right now.
We shall continue
to store this ice stone in Jinyowon.
If we are to prevent strife,
then the ice stone must be destroyed
in front of everyone right now.
Tell me why that would be
for Songrim to decide
when no one here agrees?
The alchemy of souls is occurring,
that means
the soul ejector used for that purpose
came from that ice stone.
Along with Cheonbugwan
and the royal palace,
you now suspect Jinyowon as well?
We cannot end the assembly now like this.
Lady Jin,
you may not remove the ice stone
from the premises of Songrim.
Does Songrim plan to oppose
the will of everyone here?
No one here…
may remove the ice stone
from this premises.
[suspenseful music playing]
If you wish to leave…
you must fight us.
It will turn into a war.
[Go Won] The situation is dire.
Should you not step in, Your Majesty?
It's exactly as Master Lee said.
The fights never ended
because everyone coveted it.
And that is why it was banned.
[Sun] They are now fighting
over the ice stone.
So just as Master Lee said,
the King's Star has probably emerged now.
[Go Won sighs]
[drum beating]
[tense music playing]
[epic music playing]
I see that all my former masters
are gathered here.
As your former pupil, Jang Uk,
I offer my greetings.
[mage 2] Who is that young man?
[mage 1] It is Jang Uk.
The failure of the Jang family,
who trained under me for a time.
He has trained under your family as well,
has he not?
[sighs]
He was the one who ran after three days.
I apologize for beating the drum
and interrupting all of your fun
as you ran around,
snapping at each other like dogs.
-What should we…
-Just leave him.
He stopped them,
whatever his method may be.
Jang Gang son, Jang Uk.
I hope that you have a good reason
to be as disrespectful
as you dare to be
in front of the royal family.
I have come here to convey
Master Seo Gyeong's will.
[tense music playing]
I have been dropping hints
as to the Master's will,
but do not know
if they will take the bait.
I speak on behalf of Master Lee Cheol,
the direct pupil of Master Seo Gyeong.
So I ask the mages
of the Unanimous Assembly,
show your respects to the Master's will.
According to Master Lee Cheol,
all of Master Seo Gyeong's thoughts
on the ice stone
are recorded in the Words of the Heart.
Since he put the reason
he left in ice stone
in the Words of the Heart
for every Jeongjingak's mage to read,
Songrim didn't try to hide anything
about it at all.
Most of you gathered here
have read Words of the Heart.
He told me to find his will
in the Words of the Heart.
Do you remember
what the Words of the Heart says?
No, it's been a while.
So you mean that the ledger
explains why he had to leave an ice stone?
Yes.
Since everyone insist that we follow
the will of Master Seo Gyeong,
we must argue that the contents
of the Words of the Heart
and not over this ice stone right here.
Where is Master Seo Gyeong's
Words of the Heart which he speaks of?
It was kept at Songrim
until it was recently sent over
to Jinyowon at Master Lee's request.
Yes, Jinyowon. It is being kept there.
Then go and bring
the Words of the Heart here.
Yes.
Jin Cho-yeon of Jinyowon.
I shall go and retrieve
the Words of the Heart.
Since it originally belonged to Songrim,
I would like to send a member
to go with her.
Park Dang-gu, accompany her.
Let's go.
[Jang Uk breathes deeply]
I just…
Well, it has been decades since I myself
read the Words of the Heart.
What is written in there now?
-Nothing but a very short poem.
-[Heo Yeom sucks teeth]
Did Jang Uk just lie to everyone?
There is no mention of the ice stone,
so I do not know what he is thinking
by bringing up the Words of the Heart.
What is actually written
in the Words of the Heart?
I do not know.
He is probably lying in order to buy time.
But Master Seo Gyeong did leave it,
did he not?
What if the cause
that we just barely crushed
is validated by that book?
It looks like to me like the people
over there are very angry.
Next time, we'll surprise them as well.
And for that,
we will then need him.
It still just looks like a poem.
Does it have a deeper meaning?
I don't know.
[Dang-gu]
He probably just used it as an excuse.
If he's trying to stall for time,
we should make our way back slowly.
Let us hurry.
Oh, uh, I…
I'm so hungry. Is there anything to eat?
I haven't had breakfast.
Are you trying to stall
for time right now? For Songrim's sake?
[breathes deeply]
And so, you think we should hurry back
to the fighting?
I have no time to argue with you.
My mother and sister are waiting.
Young Lady Jin.
So your sister…
do you believe it's really her?
Why do you…
You heard that the murders Mu-deok
was accused of were really
committed by a girl named So-i, right?
Your sister that they found…
is actually So-i.
What?
[foreboding music playing]
Did you tell Cho-yeon that girl
made you uncomfortable?
Oh.
Yes.
Her energy is quite dark and ominous.
I would prefer she not get close
to me again.
I don't want anything
to trouble my daughter,
so I'll get rid of her.
[soft chuckle]
Thank you so much, Mother.
[Mu-deok] Something has changed.
Does she know she is fake?
Or is she using her despite knowing that?
Why are you stalling
with the Words of the Heart, Jang Uk?
DAILY LOG OF CHEONBUGWAN
[Go Won] "May 1st."
"While the Gwanju, Jang Gang,
had gone to Gaema Village himself
in pursuit of Shaman Choi,
a woman who has used curses
to harm others,
she escaped in a fire
and is presumed dead."
What Shaman Bong in Gaema Village said,
was really in the records.
This must be when Shaman Choi
and Jin Mu of Cheonbugwan met.
Why is that that you keep searching
for this Shaman Choi?
Did you find the house Eunuch Kim
used to frequent in Gaema Village?
Yes, I did.
It was the apothecary he frequented.
Apothecary?
I just answered you,
now answer my question.
Yes, Your Royal Highness,
Eunuch Kim called the person
he served as Shaman Choi.
[thrilling music playing]
The person that Eunuch Kim served was…
It was your mother, the Queen.
[Jang Uk]
Have you not also been suspicious of her?
The soul of the true Queen
is still alive somewhere.
She must be where Eunuch Kim was going.
How can you be sure she's still alive?
[ominous music playing]
Her Majesty's Lantern of Life
has not gone out.
She is a member of the Seo family.
[Jang Uk] I'll find the real Queen
and expose the impostor
to all of the Unanimous Assembly.
So you want to drag me
into your schemes of things?
This also concerns your mother,
doesn't it?
Once you expose her,
what do you plan to do
about the ice stone?
We follow the Master's will
as it is written in Words of the Heart.
[Seo Yul] Uk.
The Words of the Heart
is not about the ice stone.
Was that not just a lie you made up now
so you can circumvent the situation?
It was not a lie.
The reason that he
left the ice stone is definitely written
inside the Words of the Heart.
Oh.
So the ice stone holds the power
of Hwansu.
It can control water, fire, and wind,
and it can even control the very souls
of human beings.
That is why
it's a power humans
must not be allowed to possess.
It is hard to believe that what looks
like just a little chunk of ice
can hold that much power.
I must see it myself.
Have any of the mages here
ever seen that power?
Have you all been fighting over it
without witnessing what it does?
[Sun] Ah.
While we are gathered here,
we can just verify the ice stone's power.
And how do you intend to verify it?
It controls souls, right?
Then we can try bringing
a dead person to life.
Hwansu isn't sorcery,
so it's not forbidden.
And it's good that we'll save
someone's life.
Lady Jin, since you brought the ice stone,
try it here in front of us.
But, sire,
there's no dead person here
right now for me to save.
Then we can kill someone.
[cackles]
You.
You. Come over here.
Yes.
Kill her and bring her back.
She is a servant who cannot cast spells.
There's nothing to worry about
even if she's close to the ice stone.
Your Majesty,
how can you kill a person
just for your amusement?
I'm trying to see her being saved…
with this.
You would ask such a terrifying thing
of someone who is so young and helpless?
You are…
too afraid to do it?
[Sun] I will give you 100 yang in gold.
So will you do it?
Yes.
I will try to do it.
I will show…
the power that Your Majesty and all
of the mages of the Unanimous Assembly
wish to see demonstrated.
[Mu-deok] My chance to get my hands
on the ice stone has finally come.
In order to get that chance,
first, I will have to die.
Not a single person here cares
whether someone like me lives or dies.
The only thing they feel
is the desire to see
the power of the ice stone.
[thrilling music playing]
I do not know if I am about to die
or whether I will regain my power
with the power of the ice stone.
I have placed myself
at the edge of a cliff, alone,
with nothing but the ice stone
in front of me.
[Jang Uk] I missed you too. A lot.
That's my response.
[Mu-deok] I am glad you are not…
standing there with me.
[Jang Uk] It describes his desire to save
someone who is precious to him.
The Master's Words of the Heart
was a letter he wrote to his dying lover.
And he says he left something
because he can't bear to let her go.
Are you trying to say that the hero
who destroyed the ice stone
to save the world
fell for the temptation of that power
to save just one person?
Well, the foolish and grieving human heart
wants to hold on
against the laws of heaven and earth.
And that is the confession of love he left
in the Words of the Heart.
[somber music playing]
I do not like this situation either.
So I will let you die now painlessly.
Everyone's gathered here
to see me brought back to life,
not to see me die, so, please…
bring me back to life
so they are not disappointed.
I had better try not to disappoint.
[So-i] The real mother
is killing her own daughter.
[ominous music playing]
[grunting]
[groans]
So pretty.
My dear Bu-yeon.
[tense music playing]
Oh, Mother…
[celestial music playing]
-[thunder rumbles]
-[celestial music continues playing]
["Scars Leave Beautiful Trace"
by Car, the garden playing]
[Jang Uk] Something has gone wrong.
Is something wrong with the ice stone?
[man] When we approached the door,
we were pushed back
by a great force of wind all of a sudden.
[So-i] This is all happening
because of Mu-deok.
Our dear children are in there.
[Heo Yeom] Yun-ok!
[Go Won] The energy I gathered
in the sword just spilled out.
It seems like it is the barrier
rather than the sword.
[Jin] What do you mean,
Master Kang has disappeared?
[screams]
[Go Won]
No one can cast spells in this place.
How could a soul shifter do?
[Jang Uk] We can't all die.
So I'll lure him to the Secret Room
and lock him up.
Uk is going to die.
[Go Won] And if the door is locked,
that means he died inside.
[Mu-deok] Jang Uk, my dear pupil.